Hey, what's going on it's Bill Burr?
It's time for the Monday morning podcast for Monday, April 10th,
2017 what's going on? How is ya? How's it going everybody?
Are you doing good? I apologize that the podcast is late.
I apologize that it's late. I e. A I was flying back from San Antonio.
I meant to do it yesterday,
but I was doing a tour San Antonio and the day got away from me, you know,
I was going all around San Antonio. Went out to Jeff,
right drum shop.
I got some Mexican food around the corner that was fucking delicious.
Um, I forget the name of that place, but it's going to be on the video.
Then it went down to the river walk and over to the stupid fucking Alamo,
Jesus Christ, just crawling with fucking tourist reenactors,
all kinds of magnets and shit. And I just was like, you know,
every time I go to San Antonio, I was like,
I'm gonna fucking go in there and I'm going to read up on all these guys who
fought to the last guy I'm going to read up on. Every time I get there,
there's like 9,000 people in jeans, shorts as a fucking gift shop.
And I just say forget it. And I felt bad about it. Like, Hey, what do you know?
What do you not patriotic, they bill, you know?
But then I ran into somebody from San Antonio, do you ever go onto this thing?
They go, no, we live here. And I was like, oh, I get it now. I get it.
The Alamo is your time square. If like nobody in New York goes to Times Square.
Okay.
Nobody in La goes to fucking Disneyland or fucking universal unless you have
kids. But I mean, just as an adult, you're not going to have Gina,
she's going to fucking go there. You know?
You don't stand in line in your own fucking town. Okay.
One of the advantages of it being your own fucking town is you don't have to
stand in line with everybody else. Cause you know all the spots.
You know where to go, you know where not to go.
And when you're in San Antonio, where not to go is the fucking Alamo,
unless you're a goddamn tourist.
Then you go in there and then you're going to go over to the riverwalk,
which is actually for a touristy thing, was very nice. Then Manmade River,
I've got to tell you something. That's the first time I walked down and I,
I liked it. I really enjoyed it.
There was a bunch of people standing outside getting a little hustle going on,
trying to get you to go in and drink a Margarita, right?
All kinds of wacky people wearing the hats.
People driving by on the little gondolas, you know, it was like you went Venice,
but it was Texas, right? That little slice of fucking Italy,
you know? And then right around the corner was the majestic. Yeah,
very ornate. The word only used to describe a theater. Very ornate. Hey,
my buddy reads, did his garage. Oh, it's, it's beautiful. It's so ornate.
Nobody ever says that right. To take, they call it a fucking man cave. Okay.
So the man caves for fucking, you know, the twinkle toes there.
The Broadway stars are these theaters and this thing had like a, I mean,
I had like fucking houses and she looks on Peter Pan Stuff. Yeah,
it was amazing. And evidently while I was on stage,
there was a flying around that went past me and aside the fact that it was a bat
, like nobody even reacted. They're so used to bats down there. Evidently they,
uh, they kill all the fucking mosquitoes around, enough of them,
you know what I mean? So people in San Antonio evidently cool with bats.
I don't know, but I had two great shows.
The first show went awesome in the second show was just fucking next level.
And I actually texted my agent, I was like, the hour's ready. And he was like,
really? And I'm like, yes. So let's fill up the calendar. They have, fuck,
oh no, that's not how I talked to my agent. Um, I go, let's fill up the,
you know, let's fill up the fucking calendars. So his mission should,
he chooses to, to accept that he's going to fill up my calendar and then,
and I gave him the list of the eight teams that I have left that I need to go
see. All right, so if you're on this list,
I'll be doing a show at some point within the next fucking year cause I'm
knocking these out in the next year before my daughter starts walking and
talking and doing all that stuff. I've got to knock this out.
So I need the Toronto Raptors, the Ottawa
play in my Boston Bruins and the first round of the playoffs.
Congratulations to both teams making the playoffs. It's a big deal. Playoffs.
Oh wait, no, no, no. Wait. Are we playing them? I think we are playing them,
which makes no fucking sense to me. Fucking hockey.
If we like the aide seats, should we play the capitols?
Shouldn't the capitals be rewarded that they won their fucking division rather
than having to play the fucking penguins and then they knock one another out and
all we got to do is try and get past the senators. No disrespect,
but disrespect intended. I'm just being honest. All right,
let's check this shit out right now. Okay? You know this isn't gonna work.
You know it's not, you know I'm going to be on the wrong fucking one.
The Boston Celtics are a second seed.
They're a fucking second seed there. All right. Hang on a second.
N H l play off
bracket. All right. Here we go and fail NHL.
Fucking play off bracket. All right. Yes.
This is what the fuck I want you to make me click on it again.
I typed what I wanted and then you're like, is this what you want? Yes, this is,
this is what I want. All right. The ranges of versus Canadians.
The Bruins. Get the senators. I don't get it. Capital's get the maple leaves.
Okay. All right. All right. All right. I thought, and then Cole,
there's a good one. Columbus first.
The penguins that [inaudible] Nashville predators made a plan of spleen,
the black cocks, Minnesota wild versus Saint Louis blue. And I'm ducks first.
The Calgary flames and the San Jose shacks verse Edmonton Oilers.
Here we go. Brad Marshawn is back in all of that shit. So anyways,
yeah, I've got to get the Toronto Raptors auto senators. I gotta get, uh,
the Brooklyn Nets. I've already seen the New Jersey Nets,
but my rule is if you get a new stadium, I don't give a fuck.
I'll eventually see it. But if you move to a new city, especially a state,
you know,
then yeah, I got to go fucking see you again. All right.
I need the Carolina Hurricanes, Orlando Magic,
Tampa Bay Buccaneers,
the Memphis Grizzlies and the New Orleans Pelicans.
So there you go. So I'm going to try to get, you know,
I'll probably do the Canadian ones at the same trip and I'll try to do the
fucking, um, Orlando Tampa at the same time.
Then I think I'm going to do a bus trip to knock out those fucking three
Carolina fucking Memphis and New Orleans. I think that's,
that's what I'm going to do. And then I'll be done. And then what we'd do both,
well you know what I'll do is I'll move on to fucking college. All right.
Cause the day I go out on the road and I don't have something to fucking look
forward to and I just sit in the Goddamn hotel waiting for the show. That's it.
I'm going to dry up. You hear me dry?
Okay.
So anyways,
I got Boise coming up and I just got an email from the theater via my agent
saying, Hey, we've been watching these videos, seen a bill,
likes to play the drums.
What if we rented a drum kit and put it in the theater during the day and if
Phil wants to play during the day, he can come in and play for like an hour.
How fucking great is that?
Yeah,
it's the coolest thing ever. I might, I'm up it my put that on my fucking rider.
I don't give a shit how much it costs cause this is the thing, they always say,
hey, we'll do that for you. And then they just, you know,
they pay me less money. That's how it works.
Nope. God Damn it. This isn't in fucking stereo. I just realized it.
Wait a sec. Wait a second. She let me see something there. We,
oh, you fucking son of a bitch.
Okay.
That's not it. How do I get this thing in stereo? You know,
this is just one of these fucking days, isn't it?
Isn't it just one of these days? Now I'm just going to push your buttons.
What's going on there it is. Now it's in Stereo.
Oh, Jesus Christ. I thought there was something wrong with the wire.
My fault. Well, you had to suffer for seven 53. I'll let you,
I'll just say that it isn't, you know, the scene of something.
You know what's great about it? It'll give you something to complain about,
you know, unless the Great Andrew Themis fixes the fucking thing. I Dunno.
Anyways, plowing ahead here. Um,
so what else? Okay, so I went down there and I saw, uh,
I saw a lot of San Antonio this time. And like I said,
I had great fucking shows. You know what? Who's kidding, who? I lost.
I completely lost my train of thought cause now I'm fucking mad at myself.
Why didn't I think to just fucking push that button?
I immediately thought it was the wire. I troubleshooted
I never knowingly lied about the wire. Um, all right,
so now I know what you guys are thinking. Hey Bill, you don't,
you said that you were going to watch some alternative sports this weekend.
You said you were going to watch them masters,
the Moto GP and fucking Formula One. Well,
all fucking Billy freckled
the fat tinted, no gluten, heaven fucking cunt. I did two out of three.
I watched the moto GP. You know what's hilarious?
I didn't realize that there was two undercard motorcycle races and I'm sitting
there going like, this fucking race has only 20 laps. What's going on here?
Right. The first one was the GP three then are some the moto three,
then the moto too, and then a, then there was the last one.
So I kind of fast forward through the first two. And then I watched the whole,
um, I watched the whole a moto GP. Uh, the real fucking one.
And, uh, congratulations to,
I don't even know how to say this guy's named maverick finales.
You know, I saw that mark, mark and Berg, whatever his fucking name is,
he was cruising around and all of a sudden he just didn't make this turn and he
was very upset with himself. That's his name. Mark Menendez.
That's not who it is. That's the guy. I'll kill this fucking
okay.
When he killed his parents, I don't know what happened. And then, uh,
Valentino Rossi came in second and both of them stay seemed very excited about
that. You know what I mean? They got some points.
They felt good about themselves. And, uh,
I gotta tell you something about those fucking guys and you gotta check out the
Moto GP.
It's unfucking the amount of crashes that I saw in all three of those races.
Okay.
There was one guy who has gone through the turn.
He started to accelerate in the back end, kind of kicked a little bit.
So he got off it. Then he got back on it and the fucking, the God damn bike had,
I had a seizure,
fucking did a couple of little ss and then just like started flipping over and
then the guy of course fee flies off the damn thing.
It hits them in the back of the head. It amazes me that they get back up again.
Those suits they have are incredible. They got little air bags in them and shit,
but still they always end up fucking up their hands or their ankles if something
like that. But this guy kind of high sided on it, which is basically, you know,
if you're a novice like me when they just sort of lay it down and the bike
starts sliding and then you just Kinda,
you just touched the ground and slide with the fucking thing high sidings when
it hits the ground and you fucking catapult over the top of it,
the high side of it. And that's when you get, seems to me,
that's when you get fucking hurt. Um, it's ridiculous.
They're going like 200 miles an hour in something that you can just fall off of.
Um, but I enjoyed the race immensely.
I enjoyed that race as much as you guys probably didn't enjoy the first seven
minutes, 53 seconds of fucking no stereo on this. Um,
I n I then I watched,
I watched the masters too and I could not be happier for Sergio Garcia.
I mean, I just, you know,
it's one of the things about being at his level when you go that long without
winning is that gives you every, it gives every mouth breathing.
Haagen daas eating fucking douchebag who never achieved anything.
The right to walk up to you and start telling you about how you can't get it
done. You know what I mean?
Sitting there wearing a wifebeater with your flabby grandmother fucking arms.
You know, just giving this
guy shit. When he missed that one on 18, I was like, Oh God, Oh boy, here we go.
Here we go. Shades it Kenny Perry. Is this what we're going to see again?
And actually every year when I watched the masters, you know,
I don't watch it every year. I shouldn't say that, but every time I watch it,
somebody always folds in the back nine and I actually get mad at the tournament.
I always ended up, you know, I was actually texting my,
I was texting up court who did the a live, um,
final day of the masters and I was just like, dude,
can somebody just win this fucking event?
Does anybody ever just win the masters? No one ever wins the masters.
Somebody fucking loses it every year. And you just have to watch somebody.
Like a buddy of mine tested me, uh, texted me, tested, texted me and said,
uh, is Sergio doesn't win this playoff. He said, that punt,
that pot will haunt him. It's like, no, it won't. It will.
But you know what's going to haunt him is every cheesecake factory eating Douche
, douchebag walking up to him, Hey, remember that time,
you know, giving him shit, right.
Not realizing that that miss pot is a fucking metaphor for the other person's
entire goddamn existence. This guy has played in over 70 something majors.
So anyway,
it's just like watching Phil Mickelson when it way back in the day in like, oh,
four was so great to watch him get the monkey off his back.
So congratulations to him. Um,
winning the most difficult activity known to man playing the non-sport that is
golf.
Okay.
You know, I still had to give a shit, right? It's such them. I know.
It's such a duty. It's so hard. It's such, it's a fucking mind. Fuck,
I get it. I get it.
But I would rather have to do that than face a fucking roided up. Uh,
uh, well, he never got convicted, so
Kadra remens right. Roger Lemons.
Right. I wouldn't want that guy thrown half a fucking bad at me, you know,
just muttering explicative as I walk up to the plate,
I would much rather have to try to sink a fucking three foot,
then some fucking roided up maniac on the goddamn mount who can admit that as
fucking career's over.
So he's got to go out and take some fucking horse tranquilizers.
Not saying that he did it, and you know what if he did, God bless them.
God bless him that he did. I am. I am so fucking, I told you I'm pro steroids,
dude. I'm fucking pretty. Everybody should get on them.
You know I want every fucking athlete on steroids. Okay.
And then the doctors can look at you and see what the side effects are and they
can gradually make them better and better and better and better until it's like
vaporized weed. You know,
you just have like a steroid mist and meet with my fucked up shoulder.
You know what I mean? I'll just come in and just walk into the doctor's office.
You know, they'll put a fucking hot towel over head.
Like I have hay fever and then they'll just have me breathing steroids.
I'll walk out,
I'll have glutes again after 20 years of sitting on my ass and planes and rental
cars, my fucking glutes will come back. That just like nonexistent.
I don't know what happened. I just fucking like, you know like a,
when you're going to make something and you got to pound out like a fucking
chicken breast. Yeah.
That's what my fucking ass is like after years of being on a plane. So, um,
I actually made my way across to the gym when I was in San Antonio to their
sister property sister property.
I mean the other hotel
fucking Weirdos. Anyways, and I went in there,
I did the elliptical for about 40 minutes and then I just did a fucking for me,
for me, I did a savage fucking leg workout and now I, I, you know,
I know you guys all think of, well, what did you do below? All right,
this is what I did. I add the exercise ball,
I put it on the fucking wall between me and my back and then I would just roll
down with that, you know, so I can keep my back nice and straight and my,
my weight on my heels,
pushing through my heels to engage my veal fucking buttocks.
Okay.
Um, there, what did I do? I did hip thrusts after that, you know,
then I did, uh, some calf raises.
Then I did the classic, you know, the things you sit down,
where you do the front parts of your quads, and then the other one,
you stick them in your fucking go the other way.
You do the back part of your legs. And then I got on this the squat machine.
I'll, I don't like don't let you stand up on,
I like the one that you sit down on affiliate, you can go deeper.
You don't have to worry about your fucking back. And uh, and I did that.
I did fucking three sets of all of that shit. And uh,
this morning my legs were definitely killing me. Um,
so that's a new part of my workout. Okay. That's what I'm doing.
But I don't have all those leg machines when I'm here, you know what I mean?
And my shoulder is fucked up,
so I'm not putting a barbell on my back with a bunch of fucking weight. Okay.
I will just,
I will choose to do more squats without any weight because I am an old man.
But I swear to God, I swear to God, man,
this fucking athletes, man, they got gotta keep taking steroids. You know,
just like the singers, you know, a singer can't sing a song. What do they do?
Give her, give her a little bit of fucking steroids right in the throat.
Give her throat deal right there. Fred, what happened? She fucking,
she goes out there and starts singing a song. She makes it simple.
And you know what, in the last, the whole night long, sorry. Um,
and then lastly, for alternative sports at,
I thought I'd take the fucking Formula One race in Shanghai, China,
and I didn't fucking pisses me off. So all I did was I just watched the,
the highlights. So, uh, congratulations to Lewis Hamilton, him and the, uh,
the guy that won the Australia, they couldn't, you know,
they came in one and two and now they just flipped.
So they're tied with 43 points. The fuck's his name. I should know his name.
He only want a god damn race. Right. That's all right.
Sebastian Vettel for the Ferrari team.
They're tied at 43 and Max Verstappen is 25th,
25 points. I'm sorry. In third place.
And a fucking Rikki rocket is in fits place.
Kimmy Raikkonen now he's not the guy called who's a guy called fucking Ricky
rocket. Nico Rosberg. No, Nico Rosberg fucking, yeah, I don't fucking know.
There's too many God damn sports going around my head now. Anyways,
the playoffs in NHL Stat, we play in Ottawa. I like her goddamn chances.
I heard that defense has a little banged up according to Joe Barton Dick on the
puck off podcast. I'll be watching all of those. I'll be tweeting,
I'll be fucking Facebook and I won't be doing any of that shit,
but maybe I will. Um, so anyways, ate pretty good when I was on the road now.
So he kinda bed, you know, I had that Mexican food and was just fucking,
you know, I used to, you know, I used to always make fun eye and the tour,
I was making fun of like Mexican food as far as like, you know,
the fried green beans in the, in the race that they put in the plate.
And I was just like, you know what this shit is,
this is Mexico's version of Coleslaw. You know, a Coleslaw.
Like most people don't take it seriously. It's basically, it's a plate filler.
You know, you got your piece of meat, you got your vegetable,
and then they just throw that shit. They're just so,
the plate doesn't look naked. You know what I mean? Yo, wow.
Look at this big plate of food I got. No, no, no. That's Mike.
More than 60% rice and beans. I didn't get it. All right then.
Once I understand now you mix all that shit in together.
He grabbed one of those little fucking round pieces of bread,
whatever the fuck you call it. You put it on there, you know,
a little bit of hot sauce. It's delicious. You got a little bean and rice.
Fucking a fucking thing. They're thinking of a Jig. Sorry, I'm white.
I don't know. I'll learn it. I've only been out in La for 10 years.
At some point I'll, I'll, I'll learn it. Was that a Tostada? Um,
I know what an Enchilada is. I know what a crispy Taco is.
She said crispy or puffy. Never had puffy before.
Um, I always go crispy. You know what I mean? But the crispy Tacos, it's, it's,
it's only good on the first bite,
cause then the whole fucking thing falls apart. You know what I mean?
It's like an old person's hip. You barely touch it.
The whole thing just cracks and it doesn't work anymore.
So you kinda gotta go soft Taco, right? The flacid Taco.
All right, I'm sorry.
But then if you mix the beans and rice in there is all I can say. It was,
it was God damn delicious. Let me, yeah,
let me do a little bit advertising here. A little ads here for the, for the,
for the week here.
Um,
what am I doing here? Come on. Do I want me to why I want this computer work,
right? For now, from okay, oh, here we go. Oh, we're all friends here.
First read of the week old zip,
right?
Are you hiring?
Do you know where to post your job to find the best candidates?
Posting your job in one place isn't enough to find quality candidates.
If you want to find the
perfect tire, if you want that perfect person to walk through that Goddamn door,
you need to post your job on all the top job sites.
And now you can with ziprecruiter.com you can post your job to 200 plus job
sites, including social media networks like the Facebook and the Twitter,
like the Facebook and the Twitter. All with a single click.
Find candidates in any city or industry nationwide.
Just post once and watch your fucking candidates roll right in to old zip.
Ah, go to Zz use interface. No juggling emails or calls to your office.
Quickly screen the candidates, sex offender, right them.
Get the fuck out and hire the right person fast. Look at the rack on it. Mash.
Uh, no juggling emails or calls to your office. Did I already say that?
Find out today. Why Old Zip?
Yeah.
It has been used by fortune 100 companies and thousands of small and medium size
businesses and right now my listeners can post on ZipRecruiter for free by going
to ziprecruiter.com/burner that's
ziprecruiter.com/bird one more time to try it for free. Go to old zip.
[inaudible] dot com slash [inaudible] sorry, the last one was creepy. All right.
Dollar Shave Club.
Duke buying in fucking raises a lot like buying a cat to get a smooth,
to get smooth luxury quality kid,
you have to pay a huge fucking price and that means you're paying mostly for
splashy marketing and features. Phages.
You don't actually need switched to dollar shave club.com.
It's the smarter choice. Luxury quality at an economy price.
Dollar Shave clubs raises are amazing quality. They got a,
the shave tech you need and none of the overprice gimmicks should don't have you
seen the ad for the razors? Monopolies newest Ray's a thing.
It's got like 24 blades. Swivel, Pivot Robo razor with the laser pointer.
You know the all, you don't need any of that shit.
Once they go and be on two blades, it was stupid. Okay?
Every year they make a tiny change to the razor and then the new blades don't
fit the old fucking handle. It's the Steve jobs thing.
The new phone doesn't fit the old charger. It's the same God damn thing.
And although the other ones,
they end up in the ocean and they try to convince you it's totally new and you
need to spend even more affordance. Bullshit. Join the dollars,
join dollar shave club and just be done with all of that.
There's never been a better time to give them a shot.
Right now you can get off your fucking ass and for the first month sign up,
you can get any of their amazing raises for only a buck,
including free shipping. And after that, it's just a few bucks a month.
It's not, it's, there's no longterm commitments,
no hidden fees knows where it's this relationship going.
We need to connect more. None of that. You're a fuck buddy with these people.
You can cancel whenever you want. Get your first month for, for just
aBuck@dollarshaveclubdotcomthosewouldbeforfreeatdollarshaveclub.com slash Berg
that's dollar shave club.com/bar. All right, two more and then they're short.
Just hang in here.
M V m t watches Michael Vincent,
Michael Tango, watches movement,
watches start at just $95 at a department store.
You look at it, four to 500 bucks,
move it figured out that by selling online they were able to cut out the
middleman and retail mock up, providing the best possible price. Classic design,
quality construction,
and styled minimalism over 1 million goddamn watches sold in over 160 countries,
but not including North Korea.
You know why they couldn't find a strap big enough to get around that fatties
risks?
What do you say to have pork belly? Um, call to action. Must read. Hey,
easy, easy fucking relax. I want to read it.
Get 15% off today with free shipping and free returns by going to MVMT
watches.com/burr. This watch has a really clean design. Seriously,
I've been getting compliments ever since I put it on. I'm not wearing one.
I don't know what they're talking about. Now is the time to step up your game.
Go to a movement, watches.com/burr join the movement. Once again,
it's MVMT Mike Victor, Mike Tango,
speaking of which,
I flew a helicopter for the first time since October 31st of last year,
and although I'll tell you it was a rough one, I was fucking rusty.
I'll tell you that story in a second, right after our old friends here,
stamps.com oh stamps.com come on, shake the Coulter. Hi. You been all right.
I've used, I use stamps.com anytime I'm selling my posters,
you know I'm a moron if I can figure out how to use the scale and the postage
meters, so can you. Okay stamps save you time and money,
which you can use to grow your business or maybe just sit there scratching your
ass. Anything's better than going down to the post office.
You can mail a letter, any package using gesture computer and your printer,
and the mailman comes and picks it up the mail, man. All right. Not that lady.
He got to drive down and fucking give it to her.
Avoid the hassle of the post office man and mail everything from the posts,
from postcards to envelopes to packages,
domestic or international stamps.com will help you to decide out of the fucking
room the best class of mailed based on your needs.
No need to lease an expensive postage meter right now. You could enjoy this.
You can join these stamps service with a special offer that includes a four week
trial plus postage and a digital scale without longterm commitments.
Go to stamps.com click on the microphone at the top of the homepage.
Type in bar that stamps.com enter [inaudible] one more time.
stamps.com never go to the post office again unless you're one of those Weirdos
that collect stamps. Okay? Yeah.
I flew for the first time and went up with an instructor and a holy shit.
Anybody out there who flies? I mean, Geez,
I missed the fucking pad when I was coming in. I mean,
I missed it by probably 60 yards, just coming in way too fast. I was like,
I got, I guess settling with power. Fuck this.
I just kind of continued on past it.
Like you're supposed to came back around the next time. You know,
I came up a little short. It took me about, I don't know,
26 goes around till I was starting to feel it again. And uh, it was funny,
like my fourth times, I just flew the traffic pattern down there in long beach.
And um,
my fourth time around I was turning to go downwind and I just started laughing
and my instructor started laughing too, cause he knew I was laughing.
I was just like, this is fucking awesome. She's fucking,
it's fucking awesome.
And it just totally re lit the fire in me to go do it.
And I'm going to try and fly again before the end of the month.
So if I can just kind of fly like once every 10 days or something while I'm
getting the little one going, you know? Um, I would be very happy with that.
It's such a,
it was such an accomplishment in my life to get my pilot's license.
I would hate to just not do it and forget how to do it.
It's so much fucking fun and it's really safe, you know what I mean?
If you just do what they say, the way they maintain them.
I know everybody always tries to freak out, but you know,
they always freaking and always freaking me out. Like, dude,
be careful out there. Be careful. Oh yeah. Okay.
I was going to fly with a blindfold, you know, but I get it. I get it.
Anyways, so let's, um, let's plow ahead here. Um,
oh yeah. So I ended up, uh, you know,
I can't blow her head here cause I was gonna Start Doing the reeds and I'm only
at 28 minutes, so I need to run my yap a little bit longer. So, um,
the, I think we flew the tab traffic pattern for like,
just like a little over an hour.
I got a 1.1 on the Hobbs Meta and um, didn't do any autos.
It was just all low approach, you know, normal approach, steep approach.
That's all I was doing. And um,
it was fun flying the 22, which was my, that's my favorite one,
even though the 44 is cool, you know, it's a nicer one.
I just thought the to 22 is like driving an old sports car with no power
windows, no power steering, fucking drum brakes.
I always just put that one. It's just like I'm whatever it's doing,
I'm actually doing it.
I heard on some of those high end helicopters if you want to,
if you want to hover, you just push a button and it just does it for you.
That's the one you get when you get older. You know what I mean?
I don't want to shut there and draw it on a done. Um, all right. You know what?
I'm just going to start reading these fucking,
I'm going to start doing the reads here for the week. Oh, by the way,
what's the deal with all the haunted houses in San Antonio?
You know, it was the usual stuff as far as, uh,
as far as you know, Texas goes,
Texas is the king of the shiny four door pickup truck that's never seen a
construction site or off road in Texas.
That's a four door sedan. Then I'll tell you,
they've got some fucking nice ones. I saw a guy pull up in a,
a Ford F150 four door. It's got giant tires on it.
This old fucking guy, big white cowboy hat,
big fucking belt buckle in white cowboy boots. I was just like,
ah, this is Chris. You know, as a tourist. It's like,
that's what the fuck I wanted to see. Now I can say I went to Texas.
You know what I mean?
I don't want to see somebody looking at their fucking iPhone.
I can do that out here. All right. Update Psycho from yogurt shop video.
All right, Bill. Turns out that Nutjob I don't even remember this.
Who was a costing the couple all, oh, that's right.
This goes back to like a couple podcasts ago where there was this woman who was
trashing these two people for kissing in public.
Saying that it was sexual harassment and all of that type of stuff. And, uh,
I kind of agreed with her on, on a level. I just,
I hate watching people kissing in public, you know what I mean?
Give each other a quick peck, you know, going for one real one if you want to,
but then just keep it moving. You know what I mean?
To literally sit there and take her to the point where her pussy is getting wet
and your Dick starts standing up. It's like,
what are you don't get the fuck out of here. It's gross.
[inaudible] all over each other. I fucking can't stand it.
I don't like it in movies, you know, it's disgusting. Um, anyways,
so here's an update for this lady flipped out and was yelling at them and you
know, it was, I don't know gonna call the cops.
I couldn't get through the whole thing cause she looked like she was a little,
uh, you know, had some mental issues going on.
Some was going on and she was extremely lonely or somebody filled her up with
Jesus. I don't know what happened. Anyways, Bill,
it turns out then that nutjob who was a costing the couple at the yogurt shop is
an amateur porn actress, Eh,
boy and witnesses say that the guy only kissed his girlfriend on the forehead.
No lip service. Oh, all right. My fault.
And it wasn't the first time she's yelled at people in public.
It took the interland like half a day to get to the bottom of it. Ah,
well that's too bad. Ah, that's too bad.
You know what I mean? You know what's weird about watching porn?
As much as you watch it, you know, nobody wants to do it. Nope.
That was not a fucking job. All right, let me read this here. Go to the page.
Go to the page. That's what I sage. Alright,
here we go. Is it going to come up for me?
Yeah.
Viral video of meltdown over four. How exactly did they figure out who she was?
How does the Internet get to the bottom of all of this stuff?
All right, here we go. Uh, recently a viral video video went viral.
Having a meltdown over a forehead kiss. Yeah.
This all happened at a Santa Monica restaurant.
It goes so far to believe that the women omen is something, something,
it seems screaming.
Oh Jesus Christ. Yeah. Come on man. It's not enough.
It's not enough. She made an ass of herself. We gotta take it.
I don't want to fucking know about this person.
Feel bad for her if she turns a life around. All right. Update.
Great Barrier Reef. It's time for another update.
Sounds like your skepticism of the reports that it ain't all that bad was
warranted. All right. The Great Barrier Reef. Yeah. This is more shit out.
I'm going to read about fucking people have gone crazy doing porn and I don't
read about the fucking Great Barrier Reef dying. What are you guys doing to me?
I got another fucking 27 minutes to go. Oh my God.
Is this the f? Oh Holy Shit. Okay. Great. Barrier Reef at terminal stage
scientists' despair at latest coral bleaching data
Australia's politicians has betrayed the reef and only the people can save it.
Oh, I should read this cause maybe I dunno. Maybe they can turn it around.
Cause there are uplifting stories about nature out there.
You know where certain species are making a big comeback, you know what I mean?
All right. Back to back.
Severe bleaching events have affected two thirds of Australia's Great Barrier
Reef. A new aerial survey have found the founding.
The findings have caused alarm amongst scientists who say the proximity of the
2016 and 2017 bleaching event is unprecedented for the reef and will give damage
, coral little chance to recover. Um, all right.
What site is this? This is called the Guardian. Now, what is their agenda?
Yeah, I mean, you never know what the fucking believe here.
Scientists with the Australian Research Council, Center of Excellence,
Jesus Christ, take it down a little bit, Huh?
Fucking arrogant bastards for coral reef studies last week compiled aerial
surveys of the world's largest living structures scoring bleaching at 800
individual coral reefs across 8,000 kilometers.
The results show the two consecutive mass bleaching events have affected 1500
kilometer stretch leaving only the rate's southern third unscathed.
Oh boy. Oh there you go.
Okay.
You know what the deal is? We have to go,
a significant portion of us have to go, you know,
maybe it's good that the robots come.
Are they going to be electric robots? Are they going to require oil also?
But you know something. All these fucking electric cars,
you know when you go to the split, when that Tesla, that giant Tesla battery,
now what do they do with that? When you're done with the car,
what happens to that battery? I know the car constantly has updates.
Does that also include the battery? Can you make the battery better?
Let's look that up.
I bet there's a bunch of fucking oil companies putting some shit up.
True or otherwise about this? Um, Tesla
car.
Yeah.
Footprint.
Okay.
Okay. Let's
see. The carbon footprint of Tesla manufacturing Teslas.
The lefts. Electric cars aren't as green as you might think.
The electric cars aren't green yet. Nothing is green.
Nothing is green. Okay.
Then Doug Stanhope, Doug Stanhope had a great joke.
He said the greatest thing you can do is kill yourself.
And I would go further if he didn't just say it and then add yourself buried in
the top soil. So you get fucking give it some nutrients. Um,
actually we're also full of fucking God knows what mcdonalds and shit.
You'd probably cause the tree next to your body to die. Um,
does the Tesla model s electric car pollute more than an SUV?
This is the green car report. All right, let's see. Well,
let's see who's kidding.
Who the Tesla is not about being green.
That's about going zero to 60 in 2.3 seconds.
Does the supposedly clean green Testamatta s really pollute more than a gas
guzzling jeep grand Cherokee sports utility vehicle.
That's what one analyst has claimed.
Now what I love about this is everybody has a dog in the fight.
Obviously the oil guys don't want you to switch over to the fucking electrical
shit and all the electric people, they're so convinced that batteries,
you know, didn't Michael Jordan do a commercial long time ago,
but recycling your batteries, didn't he do that? You know,
that's how I know about it. Right? Cause an athlete told me not to do it.
Then what about that giant battery at the bottom of the Tesla?
What do you do with that thing? What do you do with that when it's done?
All right.
In an exhaustive 6,500 word article on the financial websites seeking alpha
analysts,
Nathan Weiss lays out a case model s that the case model s actually.
Okay. Okay. We know what he said. He said it was worse
as an s owner. I was shocked. For me, I just felt this is crazy.
Although the carbon emissions were not a big factor in my decision.
Blah Blah Blah Blah. Okay.
Why says Ben Advising his clients to short the stock of Tesla and it's fit that,
uh, all right, not so fast. Power plant emissions counter. All right,
I'm not reading all this fucking shit. You know what this is.
This is just an immediate war right now going on and I don't know where the fuck
to get the facts and I'm not going to just look at the up the first goddamn
thing and read it. I have no idea. You know, but I can tell you this.
All right.
I know that guy that had a Tesla has like ridiculous security around them.
Cause remember that Gal came up with the car that could drive across the country
just on water. And then he went around and told people about it.
His last words when he walked out of the diner was they poisoned me and then he
died and then his car disappeared. Um, I know that sounds crazy,
but that's a true fucking story. It's a true story according to the Internet.
All right, follow up girl who gave weed optimism. I love the followups.
Every body. This is like our own little mini series here on podcast.
This is tremendous. I'll give you that guy's name too.
You guys can look it up and you guys let me know if you think this is fucking
real enough. All right. Uh, water power.
Car
inventor vanishes. What is his name? What's his name?
What's the name of the fog and water guy? Yes. Stanley Meyer's water.
Fuel cell. There you go.
Look that guy up. Go down that fucking Rad. Hope rabbit hole. M.
E y e r I think is how you spell it, right, Stanley?
Okay.
Stanley's are always fucking honest, aren't they? Um,
one of my favorite promoters around the country. That's his first name, Stanley,
right is fucking rain. Um, all right,
follow up to the girl who gave me the weed ultimatum. All right,
for those of you missed the podcast a couple of times ago, there was a,
this woman, this guy was dating, you know, he's always smoking weed around her.
She had problems with alcohol and shit. And then one day, I don't know,
she cleaned up and she just lashed out at him and said he needs to just totally
quit smoking weed or you know, it's either her or the weed. All right,
so here we go. He says, Yo brother, bill on for three.
You responded to my email about the ultimate and my girlfriend gave me a her
versus weed. My fucking computer's going to die. Hang on. I gotta hit pause.
I can't keep fucking yammering. Expect you guys to listen to this shit. Hold on.
All right, I'm back. I'm back. I'm powered here. I'm powered up here. All right.
On for three.
You responded to my email about the ultimate and my girlfriend gave me
her versus we'd either choose her or the weed. Man,
she has sensitive minted that she was being a cunt by giving me the ultimatum
and no longer cares if I smoke.
She has since been smoking more weed than me and two days after she gave me the
ultimatum, the following happens yet, dude,
I don't even need to read this sheet. This woman is unstable.
She needs to get help. And if I was you, I'd get out of this relationship,
but I'll read it for the entertainment value here.
She stumbled into our apartment so drunk that she couldn't stand.
She was accompanied by another man. Oh, bonus. Here we go.
The guy she was with happened to be the one guy that she swore she'd never
talked to again because a couple months ago he sent her a 10 page email
professing his love for her and trying to convince her that I'm an asshole and
she should be with them. Up until that point,
they were friends that hung out on occasion, which I was okay with,
oh Jesus. But after he sent the love letter, which she read to me,
she told me she would never speak to him again. Why did she read this to you?
You didn't need to hear all of that. Okay. Anyways,
back to the cup a couple of days ago,
we got in a fight and I said I was going to leave because of the bullshit.
We'd ultimatum, but instead she left
anyways, back to a couple of days ago. So wait, when did she stumble into,
this is like a fucking Tarantino movie. Two days after she gave.
All right, so I guess before this bullshit happened,
you said you were going to leave due to the fucking weed ultimatum.
Is that what you're telling me?
But instead she left claiming she was spending the night at her sister's.
Instead she went straight to this dude's place, got shit faced drunk,
went to a bar with him, then came back to our apartment, both of them.
She did not expect me to be home. When she saw that I was there,
he immediately walked out. Oh Jesus. She was so drunk.
She was unresponsible.
So the fight didn't come until the next morning when she claimed that the only
reason he walked in was probably because he was just making sure she got home
safely. Oh boy. Um,
I told her that I'm done and that I'm moving back to my home state,
seeing as she is the only reason I no longer live in my home state. Good,
good move. Good move. Sir. Since this incident,
she has been crying and begging for me to stay and wants to get married,
et Cetera, and get the fuck outta here.
She claims that she has no interest in him and she was just mad at me and was
under the impression that I had already packed my things and left and she just
needed a friend. At the moment,
those are all lies and this is the tip of the fucking iceberg, sir.
That goes all the way down to the fucking ocean floor. Personally,
I don't think I can forgive her on or trust her,
but I need to make a decision in fast. Get the fuck out of there sir,
because I'm either gonna tough this out and stay here.
All Jesus hoping this shit doesn't happen again or I'm going to get the fuck out
of dodge and move back home and start over and helped me out. Brothers,
should it, should I stay or should I go your thoughts?
Thanks and go fuck my life. No, not fuck your life.
If you stay your fucking,
you'll have to get out of there now that you just heard what you wrote out loud
back by me reading it out loud, which probably made no sense. Um,
you realize how insane that is. How insane it would be for you to do that.
Um, I'm almost thinking it as much as she needs to get her life together.
You need to look at yourself as to why you would stay with a person like this.
Yeah. You need to get the fuck out of here, dude. All right.
You still get your whole life ahead of you. All right.
And as far as like married somebody, you basically get one draft pick.
All right. Cause when you get divorced,
your franchise gets cut in half and then you start drafting in later rounds.
You know, you getting older and shit. This is your number one draft pick.
This is what you're going to pick this person with all the fucking problems that
happen at the college level. I'm telling you,
get the fuck out of it, right dude. I mean Jesus Christ.
Okay?
If you don't believe me, go, go as tell 20 strangers that fucking story,
okay?
I swear to God, they're all gonna say the same thing. Get the fuck out of there.
Go on Dr Phil Hill Day. You need to get the fuck out of dodge.
He'd say the same thing. Actually, he probably wouldn't because she's a woman,
his audience's female. So He'd probably go, well, maybe if you, um,
smoked a little less weed and she tried to fuck a little less other people,
maybe y'all could find a middle ground now where we'll be like, whew,
I inserted myself into that situation. Alright,
men going their own way. You could go, oh,
um, all right, this is a fucking amazing. [inaudible] Hey y'all,
Billy boy. I was wondering if you were secretly behind this movement.
This is fucking crazy. This right here is, um,
there's some movement evidently down in Australia,
down in all z down and all is whatever the fuck they say.
I don't know if the fuck they say, I've only been there a couple of times. Oh,
the plug came on done. Was there a reason why they turn the plug into a magnet?
You know, back when it plugged in, it did much better. I guess.
It's easy to find, you know, it's got navigation kind of,
and you can find the fucking hole, but it won't stay in there. All right. Uh,
there's a growing movement of men in Australia called men going their own way.
I just pause for all the guys listen to this with their girls so she could have
time to roll their eyes and be like, Oh God. All right.
M g t o w Mega Sao. Um,
it's an offshoot of the men's rights movement,
but rather than getting stuck in and tack stuck in and tackling issues,
no. Rather than getting stuck tackling issues.
These guys have vowed to stay away from women,
stop dating and not have children.
Okay.
Jesus.
Essentially m g t o w was this statement about living your life rather than
trying to make a woman happy. Sorry, happy. Sorry.
Screamed all my jokes last night.
Or being a slave to cultural expectations.
One SW member says, um,
this isn't about a specific rule book more on mindset,
although there are purists in the movement who are the most extreme and avoid
women entirely. There's a growing number of men who've had enough,
enough of the feminism and enough of being told they have to work for a greater
good, which doesn't actually exist.
Start looking into this manosphere and it's like going down a rabbit hole.
This person says,
happiness here is supposedly freedom and shunning relationships is now sweeping
through the younger generations.
Is it or is this just a very interesting article? Okay.
Tom 15 from NSW north,
south west.
Whenever the fuck that is is what you call what you would call the growing
number of teens going their own way.
Jesus kid never even got off the ground. He goes, it's probably not.
It's probably not true. But I got the feeling that women are actually dangerous.
Maybe the men around me have just had bad experiences.
He tells the news woman. Um,
he said it's scary being a teenage boy. I'm not sure how it all,
it's all meant to fit together in the future. Says Tom,
last year my uncle lost everything because his wife of 40 years decided she
didn't love him anymore. Just like that. She randomly got up and left,
it got nasty and he lost everything. His house, cars and loads of money.
There's no way I'm ever getting married. Well they, I mean Shit,
you saw a very traumatic thing. Of course,
teenage boys look at other males in their life together. Some perspective.
I'm just going to read quotes cause I'm not gonna read all this. Uh,
my older brother was 20. I was dating a girl for a few months.
She turned real nasty in the breakup and made a string of allegations to the
police that made me suspicious of women to my mouth. My brother's a good guy.
Okay. Why should she be able to just say what she wants?
Accused him of anything and then get on with her life like that.
It doesn't seem fair to me. I'm not sure what rights I have. Maybe none.
Yeah.
Okay. Both sexes. Okay. It's crucial that we encourage our children,
find a mentor or a teacher or some blah, blah, blah.
Someone who supports communicate. [inaudible]. Yeah, but skills.
Getting a healthy relationship. That's exactly what I was going to say.
What are you just going to walk away from women? You know?
You never going to bang another one. Maybe you just go on Tinder.
Look, you can get a lot done. Not being in a relationship, male or female,
just focusing on your fucking career. Budding. You know?
If you want to be alone, that's fucking cool, but a,
to do it because of fear reasons is wrong,
but you need to learn how to do is set up your relationship and how you set up a
relationship is you have to,
you don't pretend to be something you're not and just tell them what the fuck
you want from day one. When she's going like,
do you watch sports all the time? Be like, yeah, I love him.
Love it. Do you know what I like doing most when I do that?
Like drinking a beer and then going out and smoking a cigar. That's what I do.
Hey Sweetheart, what do you do? Don't lie.
Just tell me what you do and let's see if what you do mixes. What, what,
what I do. Cause if we both start pretending,
then we go do what we do up at,
you're going to go back to go what we know now we, oh my God, you changed. No,
I didn't change. I just,
I just started being myself for the first time around you.
Okay.
I didn't mention that I was into a dog sleds. Yeah. Uh,
well I've just figured during the first three months I,
I'd make you fall in love with me and then I would bring my 18 huskies into the
fucking house. Um, all right.
You're talking about a guy who's made every fucking possible mistake that you
can make in a relationship.
I've fucked up more God damn relationships with great women.
I gotta take something. Okay. You know?
Okay.
I, I, I dated some great and I, I fucked
them all up. All right?
And it wasn't until I met my now wife,
not saying I didn't make a bunch of fucking mistakes after that,
but I just met somebody that, uh, I don't know.
I was in that part of my life where I could just be like, all right,
this is what I do. Is that what you do? Yeah. I never, you know,
that's the one thing. I am you only the few things I am proud of,
all the relationships I've had with women as I've never liked a,
I never judged him as far as like whatever the fuck they were into.
I didn't give a shit. You know, whatever you want to do,
just just fucking do it.
Cause I just looked at it like if I give you that sort of freedom,
then you'll give it back to me. And if you don't, then I'm fucking Outta here.
And what are you going to say? What are you gonna say?
That's the thing that's my, you know, my friends come over here.
Jesus Christ failed you always fucking cleaning up the kitchen.
You fucking doing all this type of shit around the house. It's, I can't exactly,
it's the genius.
I earn a great living and then I come home and I fucking crush it.
Okay.
So then when I'm going to go out and go see my buddy play drums tonight,
what's my wife going to say? No. Why?
Because you have a daughter. Ah, Shit. You're right. Okay.
She got the daughter car now. So what am I going to do?
Plus I fucking love my daughter. So great coming off there now. That's the best.
It's a greatest thing ever. Greatest thing ever. She's not,
she's slept with the two the night for the first time. Um,
of course the day I had to get up early, you know, and fly out.
So I missed the last three hours. She, she,
I think she slept like she slept from like 10 to like seven in the morning.
It was fucking unbelievable. And um,
she's such a cute, happy, chill kid. I'm so happy about that. You know,
cause I am a fucking loony ticket and I, I, she's not home right now.
That's why I'm doing the podcast a little late too.
So she's out with her mother and that is my goal.
You know, I don't know if we'll have another one. I have no idea.
But whatever kid or kids that I ended up having, I want them to be happy,
relaxed. I want them to feel like they can approach me. They can ask questions.
I am by no means going to be a pushover.
I'm not going to buy him a bunch of Shit. I'm already against that.
Buying kids fucking toys before they're like three years old or two and a half
is stupid. They don't even know what toys are. Okay.
They want to go out in the kitchen, they want to play with pots and pans.
You know, they want to play with your shoes. They want to play with everything.
But toys, toys actually bore them. Okay. You get them some pots and pants.
It's over. They love them. They like the noise, they liked the handles,
they like making a fucking mess. It's great. Um,
but you know, I'm not going to be that fucking person by engine.
You have 78 fucking iPads.
Be Funny if my daughter's pissed at me in the future and she goes back and
listen to this episode is now playing it to me sometime in the future. You know,
Jesus. Oh, that'd be a rough one. Anyways. Uh, let's plow ahead. Let's get, yes,
I would say like that whole, like men
going their own way. I don't know. It's, that's silly. Why would you do that?
You're 15 years old. You're in the prime of your life.
You not don't want to be in a relationship to just be that guy with finger bangs
, chicks on the weekends, you know?
And then on Monday when you go to school and they're like, hey, you know,
like we going to do that again and be, hey, you know, if you want to hang out,
I mean, I'm kind of doing this. And then when they fucking go like,
so what's she deal? You just going to finger me and it's just like you, what?
You didn't enjoy it. Yeah. I'm like, I did something bad. You know, just,
I just don't want to be in a, our relationship right now. I'm young, you know,
and they called it finger banging, Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo.
Um, our girlfriends spiked my drink.
Jesus Christ. You know, it's funny if I said that in front of a crowd,
everyone would laugh. It's the other way around.
Everybody gasps once you do spike your drink and fucking take your wallet.
Yeah,
that's a woman rape summit. Um, all right. Uh, hey bill,
a couple months ago I went to a party,
went to a garden party to reminisce with Mile France a couple months ago.
That was Ricky Nelson. Everybody if you didn't recognize it. Um,
a couple months ago I went to a party with a few friends.
Among them was the girl that would become my current girlfriend and I had a few
drinks, but we shocked to see just how drunk they got me.
I don't remember the entire night because I was so drunk, you know,
some of these are so fucking over the top, I just can't believe.
Don't even tell me. Then you ended up with this person.
I'm supposed to believe this.
I went to the bathroom twice because I felt that was going to throw up today.
My girlfriend confessed to me that she and her friends had spiked my beer with
shots of vodka. All right. That's not so bad at some college shit.
He didn't taste it.
She thought it was a funny prank until I clearly expressed how fucked up that I
was. She apologized and all that saying she never wanted to hurt me.
But I'm thinking this is breakup worthy.
Most of my friends and family agree I should leave.
This isn't the only issue in our relationship.
And I'm thinking red flags at this caliber are too large to ignore.
Should I walk away and will, dude,
you only gave me one piece of the puzzle there.
Okay.
Do you know if she was drunk and she was in a silly mood with their friends and
they fucking did that?
Um,
I don't know,
but like it seems like there's a bunch of other shit that she's doing and uh,
you already seem convinced that you should fucking walk.
So I don't know what the other stuff is. So I can't give you advice on that one,
sir. I don't have an that you, you, I'm a hung jury on this one.
I need, I need more information. I don't know what to tell you.
Um,
so I dunno if that's the only one that you were going to tell me and that's not
a great way to start a relationship.
It is kind of funny though. I don't know. I'm kind of an LTE,
so in a way that's my dream girl.
Do you know at some point you also gotta admit that she knows she did buy a
couple of shots that night, didn't she? You just didn't know it. Um, alright.
I'm taping a lot of shit on me. TV from me,
TV taping,
a couple of episodes of 'em.
Okay.
Oh well what the fuck's anyway,
that show was even was show Valerie Bertinelli was in
with the red headed lady and then the other chick and then Schneider next door.
The fuck wasn't even that show. Not The apartment.
Not The odd couple.
Okay.
Not Three chicks and a janitor. What the fuck was the name of that shove? Gone.
S C H Schneider.
Okay,
sit calm. Let's see what we got.
What did we get one day at a time.
One day at a time.
I take a couple episodes of that and then an episode of Alice.
I didn't remember how those fucking theme songs went.
Do you guys remember those ones day a day at a time
theme?
It's called this is it the fuck out of here? Hi.
What happened to my memory?
Okay.
See if I remember this.
[inaudible]
crushing Valerie Bertinelli but the the day was so fucking broke.
That's what all these fucking 70 sitcoms were about.
They were just fucking broke ass people.
I guess it was reflecting the economy at the time. You know,
like Alice was like, you know,
divorced driving this piece of Shit to Phoenix Ford Ltd station wagon.
Yeah. [inaudible]
Sonny's thinking. Just sentence patterns.
What is it that cannot be the real fucking song.
That was fucking horrible. Sing.
And that's what happens when we let the star of the show sing it.
Did she sing that fucking thing? You don't,
I can actually block out this thing and to listen to the old studio musicians.
That's what I miss.
Cause now it's just some asshole with a fucking laptop and the keyboard.
Those are all individual people playing. All those instruments
I'm going to take off. Joanne goes,
Richard's bow,
good, got divorced,
got the station wagon and I'm in a new neighborhood.
I'm like, you don't play Tommy. He was fucking adorable.
And then in between like season five and season six,
he grew like three feet and that includes his teeth.
All of a sudden he had these fucking horse teeth. He was fucking gigantic.
It looked like he went from fucking being her kid to being the a walk on for the
Phoenix Suns. Um, anyways, that's the podcast for this.
Uh, for this Monday, I want to thank everybody that came out.
Um,
two shows at the majestic theater on a Sunday night and all you guys had to go
to work the next day. I had such a great time. San Antonio is great.
I didn't talk about it. I went to the spars game,
went to this bar as far as fucking, uh,
against the La Clippers. Great game. Fucking amazing fans. Very,
very knowledgeable of the game. I got to see their five championship trophies.
They got 'em right out there.
We can see him took a picture and all that shit was great. And um,
but I gotta tell you something. If you wanna win some free shit,
go to a spurs game. I've never seen so much free shit given out in my life.
First of all, they had this coyote and a mask, uh,
a guy in a coyote mascot costume and like 19 times during the game,
he stoled the vendor's cotton candy and they would play the Benny Hill Song.
Wait, wait [inaudible] but bank
and the vendor would sort of mock chase him around as the thing was fucking
throw in free cotton candy all over the place.
They did that like 10 fucking times, which made me immediately think like,
they ordered too much cotton candy this month. It's going bad.
Let's just get rid of the shit so we don't have to throw it out.
And we'll also look like, you know, like we're good guys for giving it away.
They had cookies coming down from the ceiling in parachutes.
You know, they would just float down. People jumping up for fucking cookies.
They drag some guy out of the fucking crowd and put us,
put a couch that you could recline in and they put it at the foul line.
They're like, if you could sit down and you can fucking sink this file shot,
we're going to give you this couch. And next thing you know,
I get you like you forget about the game. There's so much shit going on.
I'm rooting for this fucking couch potato to win a new fucking couch to slowly
die on, you know, shoots the first one. Oh,
the next one rims out,
and then he hits it and everyone's like freaking out.
He's jumping up and down his man tits flopping all over the place,
and then they just dragged this leather porn couch off guy. You fucking want it.
You want it all right? And then you look it up at the scoreboard. Like, oh,
wait a minute, I'm watching the fucking spurs. They're playing the clippers.
That's what's happening here. This is a critical part of the game.
There's a timeout. Now I'm watching awkward dads dancing.
Who's the Best Awkward Dad Dancing? Other than that, it was fucking great.
I really enjoyed it and I'm,
that was franchise number 118 that I've seen and I,
I'm getting like the rain man
with this. I got eight left in until the next season.
You know when the La chargers in the Vegas nights start.
But I plan on knocking those guys out early, early.
I might even go to that first charges game just for them having a Udacity.
The fucking move on me. You know,
as of right now, in this moment,
I've seen every team fucking west of the Mississippi from fucking as far south
as San Antonio is far north is Edmonton and these two [inaudible] gonna come
along and fuck the whole thing up for me. I will not tolerate that.
I will avoid my family. I will take a trip and I will go see both of these.
Fuck. Why don't take a trip for San Diego? I sound like a crazy person.
Go fuck yourselves.
Thank you for listening and I'll check in on you on Thursday.